chore(FN): update SQL documentation for CDC changes (#3207)
UK-Export-Finance/dtfs2: doc/sql-db.md

Note: in contrast to other common functionality which is imported from `'@ukef/dtfs2-common'`, the `SqlDbDataSource` is imported from a separate `'@ukef/dtfs2-common/sql-db-connection'` sub-directory. This means that only those packages that need to connect to the DB and import from this sub-directory will need to be provided with access to the required environment variables.

[//]: # 'TODO FN-1859 - add details on how to use repos with `extend` and use of Data Mapper pattern'

## CDC restrictions

> CDC (Change Data Capture) is enabled on staging and prod environments which will block certain actions which cause a table to be dropped. This is not limited to just dropping tables but also queries which behind the scenes SQL will drop the old table and make a new one, e.g. re-ordering columns in a table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDC (Change Data Capture) is enabled on staging and prod environments which will block certain actions which cause a table to be dropped. This means that any operation which will result in a table being dropped, directly or otherwise, is not permitted. For example, reordering columns in SQL Server can only be achieved by dropping the old table and creating a new one, which will be blocked by CDC.
```
